## Documentation

## My Project, Fonts, Themes, and Features
This project was attempting to deliver my style and personality in a one page business card style website. My website shows my personality by showcasing a bright, bubbly, loud and fun design.
I feel like my project really stands out because of all the elements of it - you have the bubblegum animation and the fun, personalized comic strip. I used the font fira-sans, a bold, almost blocky font that makes my name and title stand out throughout all the chaos of the rest of the website. My personal branding is always changing based off my mood and interests at the time, which is why this project was difficult for me at first because I didn't know which aesthetic to go with. I truly like most styles of design, from pop art to simplistic to maximalist. I feel like this type of style truly captures me at any point though, it's fun and it's happy, and it's out there. 

## What I learned 
I've never coded before in my life so this whole process was new to me. I learned so much not only about coding, but animation as well. There was definitely struggles along the way and I would be lying if I said I didn't get frustrated a number of times - but every time I went back to it it seemed to get easier than the time before. I had a vision for what I wanted my project to look like when we did the mockups and as soon as I started coding I thought what I had envisioned would be no where near possible, however I was wrong and I'm really happy with the outcome of my design. 